Immigration, Refugees
Immigration, Réfugiés
and Citizenship Canada et Citoyenneté Canada
Date: December 22, 2025
UCI: 1152150520
Sedigheh Heshmati Rad
18 Khoshroo St, Satarkhan St
Tehran
Iran
Dear Sedigheh Heshmati Rad,
Application No.: V359957376
Biometric Instruction Letter
This letter refers to your application to Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC) for one of the
following documents:
•
temporary resident permit;
•
work permit;
study permit;
temporary resident visa;
visitor record;
permanent resident application; or
permanent resident card renewal.
Under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (IRPA) and its Regulations, you are required to have your
fingerprints scanned and your photograph taken (your biometrics) at a biometric collection service point to help
Visa Officers determine if you may enter or stay in Canada. Most applicants will need to give their biometrics at
a biometric collection service point abroad before they travel to Canada.
Only those who are eligible to apply for a work permit or a study permit at a designated port of entry can give
their biometrics upon arrival.
Why is IRCC collecting my fingerprints and photograph?
Your biometric information will be used under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (IRPA) and its
Regulations to determine if you may enter or stay in Canada. Your fingerprints may also be shared with law
enforcement agencies in Canada and may be used for the enforcement of any Canadian or provincial law. For
more information about why the Government of Canada collects biometrics, how it uses your information and
how it protects your privacy, please visit:
https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/campaigns/biometrics/facts.html and
https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/campaigns/biometrics/
protecting-appplicants-privacy.html.
Canada
IMM5756 (06-2021) E
What you need to do next:
You need to take this letter with you and go in person to any biometric collection service point to have your
fingerprints and photograph taken. Before you go, you need to make an appointment.
.
If you are outside Canada or the United States, you may go to any Visa Application Centre (VAC) most
convenient to you.
If you are in the United States, you may go to a United States Citizenship and Immigration
Services (USCIS), Application Support Center (ASC) or a Visa Application Centre (VAC) located in the
United States or its territories.
If you are in Canada, you may go to a designated Service Canada location.
For more information on where to give your biometrics, please visit:
https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/campaigns/biometrics/where-to-give-biometrics.html.
What you need to bring with you:
When you present yourself at the biometric collection service point of your choice, you must bring the
following:
•
a copy of this letter, and
•
the passport or travel document that you referenced in your application.
Note: This letter is also your proof that:
.
you have paid the biometric fee; or
you have claimed an exemption from the biometric fee under section 315.1 of the Immigration and
Refugee Protection Regulations (IRPR). If, after reviewing your request, it is determined that you do not
qualify for an exemption and are required to pay the biometric fee, you will be contacted by IRCC and
your fee payment options will be explained to you.
FOR OFFICIAL USE AT BIOMETRIC COLLECTION SERVICE POINTS:
Family Name:
Heshmati Rad
Given Name:
Sedigheh
Date of Birth:
1953/12/30
(yyyy/mm/dd)
Gender:
F
Country of Birth:
Iran (223)
Citizenship:
Iran (223)
IRCC No.:
1000027824478
For Visa Application Centre (VAC), IRCC
Office, or Service Canada location:
IRCC No.:
For US Application Support Center (ASC) use:
IMM5756 (06-2021) E
2
✓
Important Information
You have 30 days from the date of this letter to present yourself at a biometric collection
service point to give your biometrics:
You must visit a biometric collection service point to have your fingerprints scanned and
photograph taken on or before January 22, 2026 If you do not comply, your application may
be refused. If your application is refused, you will have to submit a new application and pay the
applicable fees.
If you cannot provide your biometric information (photograph and/or fingerprints) or if you need
more than the 30 days, please complete a webform at
https://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/web-form.asp and provide a detailed explanation.
If you have injuries or medical conditions:
Some injuries and medical conditions may affect your ability to provide your ten (10) fingerprints or
photograph. If you have a temporary injury or condition on your face and/or hands, you should wait
until the injury heals or condition improves before you give your biometrics. If you have a
permanent injury or medical condition on your face or hands, your photograph will still be taken and
you will be asked to provide as many fingerprints as possible.
If you hold multiple citizenships:
You must use the same travel document throughout the application process, including when you
go to a biometric collection service point to give your biometrics. You must also use the same
travel document upon arrival in Canada.
IMM5756 (06-2021) E
... 3